Jobs Right Out of ISU

1. 
Help Desk Services Team Leader 
The Helpdesk Services Team Leader will work with our IT Team on a wide range of projects, such as network and hardware configurations, hardware and software deployment.

Responsibilities:

Management of Active Directory including but not limited to user creation, deletion, permissions, and password resets
Provide remote support and resolution of problems pertaining to client PCs, laptops, scanners, printers, copiers, and cell phones
Ensure prompt response and escalation for all system outages/issues, providing updates to management and end users
New computer configuration
Identify and document calls related to desktops, laptops, mobile devices and user productivity applications such as Microsoft Office
Service Toshiba copier related to helpdesk questions including but not limited to driver updates, driver installation, scan to file, and scan to email.
Create/track tickets related to issue, escalations, and resolutions
Perform maintenance of client computers based on a check list
Document changes made to computers or infrastructure
Facilitates troubleshooting with 3rd party vendors
Troubleshooting of networking including methods such as ping, trace route, nslook up and telnt
Supervise the Help Desk Team

Qualifications:

High School Diploma or Equivalent required
Help Desk experience required
Requires competence in serving as a point of contact for troubleshooting hardware/software issues
Strong problem solving skills
Ability to work independently or under general supervision
Excellent communication skills
Leadership experience required
Higher Information Group is an Equal Opportunity Employer

Job Type: Full-time

Required education:

High school or equivalent

2. 
Entry Level IT Support / Tier 1 Technician 
Fire Pixel - Green Bay, WI 
$10 - $15 an hour - Part-time
Job Type: Part Time, flexible hours (students encouraged to apply)

Summary: The Tier 1 Technician will perform both in-house and on-site IT repair, troubleshoot computer/software problems, and research causes/solutions under the guidance and direction of the IT Department Head.

Primary Responsibilities:

Apply computer repairs (in-house and on-site), including hardware replacement, operating system reinstalls, virus/malware removal, and other computer repair tasks as needed.
Assists the IT Dept. Head with the installation of workstations, networking equipment, and server solutions.
Documents time for all completed work.
Places orders for needed hardware and software.
Provides customers with basic help-desk support and troubleshooting via phone, email, and the online support ticket system.
Maintains the neatness and organization of stored supplies and workbench area.
Qualifications:

Ability to lift 35lbs
Ability to multi-task and manage time efficiently
Ability to work independently, and as part of a team
A completed BA/BS degree in computer science or related field is a plus, or 2+ years of related work experience will be considered. Accepting applications from currently enrolled students (flexible hours offered)
Exhibits excellent customer service skills and professionalism
Exhibits excellent problem solving skills
Have working knowledge of Microsoft Windows and Mac OS X operating systems
Mail server management a plus
Superior communication skills, both verbal and written
Required Education: High School (BA/BS degree in computer science or related field is a plus)

Pay: $10-$15/hr

Hours: 20hrs/week, flexible scheduling offered

3. 


Information System/Data Engineer (Entry Level) 
Unify Energy Solutions - Houston, TX 
$40,000 a year
The Company Unify Energy Solutions is a provider of building automation and energy management systems in Houston, Central, South Texas, Colorado and Wyoming. We provide web-based systems that can be viewed on any platform for controlling, monitoring, and managing systems as small as an individual retail location to the largest commercial application, and each system is customized with the end-user’s preferences in mind. Learn more about us at www.unifyes.com.

Job Summary Unify Energy Solutions is currently looking for an entry level IT and Database Assistant. The position will be required to assist with internal IT related task including computer setup and troubleshooting. Will require a knowledge of Microsoft Access to assist and support internal MS Access/SQL workflow applications.
Qualifications require at least two years of experience in the following:

Experience with Microsoft Suite.
Ability to load Windows operating system.
Ability to load drivers and run software diagnostics
Ability to install computer hardware.
Experience with Microsoft Access
Experience building MS Access forms
Experience with SQL Database
Benefits Benefit package available for full-time employees.
Job Type: Full-time
Job Location:

Houston, TX
Required Education & Experience:

Associate's degree in Information Technology or 2 years’ experience providing technical support relevant to position in an enterprise environment.
Comptia A+, Microsoft 2008 server and/or CCNA certifications it's a plus.
Job Type: Full-time

Salary: $40,000.00 /year

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Jobs 5-8 years down the line

1.
Software Engineer, Android
San Diego, CA, USA
Software Engineering·Full-time·Today

Google's software engineers develop the next-generation technologies that change how billions of users connect, explore, and interact with information and one another. Our products need to handle information at massive scale, and extend well beyond web search. We're looking for engineers who bring fresh ideas from all areas, including information retrieval, distributed computing, large-scale system design, networking and data storage, security, artificial intelligence, natural language processing, UI design and mobile; the list goes on and is growing every day. As a software engineer, you will work on a specific project critical to Google’s needs with opportunities to switch teams and projects as you and our fast-paced business grow and evolve. We need our engineers to be versatile, display leadership qualities and be enthusiastic to tackle new problems across the full-stack as we continue to push technology forward.

Responsibilities
Design, develop, test, deploy, maintain and improve software.
Manage individual project priorities, deadlines and deliverables.
Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related technical field, or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in Linux Kernel programming, Device bring-up, BSP.
Programming experience in C and C++.
Preferred qualifications
Programming experience in Java and Assembly (ARM or x86).
Experience with debugging, Linux kernel development, system-level programming, Android frameworks, Android build system, Compiler-driven instrumentation using LLVM/clang or GCC. Familiarity with Java app development.
Experience with cross-functional collaboration with partnering companies.
Strong understanding of algorithms and data structures concepts.
Area
Making the world's information universally accessible and useful doesn't stop at the desktop. The Mobile team builds tools to get you the information you need no matter where you are. Android has become the world's most popular mobile ecosystem, powering billions of devices, from smartphones to tablets, watches to TVs and everything in between. Whether adding to the core Android experience, forging new markets for digital content, creating immersive and portable versions of our products or managing relationships with a global community of developers, the Mobile team is giving you Google on the go.

Job details
Team or role:Software Engineering
Job type:Full-time
Job location(s):San Diego, CA, USA

2.
Test Engineer
Mountain View, CA, USA
Hardware Engineering·Full-time·Today

Google's custom-designed machines make up one of the largest and most powerful computing infrastructures in the world. The Hardware Testing Engineering team ensures that this cutting-edge equipment is reliable. In the R&D lab, you design test equipment for prototypes of our machinery and develop the protocols used to scale these tests for the entire global team. Working closely with design engineers, you give input on designs to improve our hardware until you're sure it meets Google's standards of quality and reliability.

With your technical expertise, you create test plans for highly complex platforms (e.g., validating the interaction of multiple pieces of equipment at the networking and subsystem levels), and using your deep knowledge of component design characteristics, you diagnose highly complex hardware or software issues.

Responsibilities
Develop and maintain tests and testing infrastructure for custom hardware.
Work on test automation, continuous testing, stress testing, image quality regression testing.
Support team in reproducing failures, debugging, and failure analysis investigation to maximize stability and productivity.
Minimum qualifications
BA/BS degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or related technical field or equivalent practical experience.
Experience in test automation, debugging, troubleshooting, and failure analysis investigation.
Programming experience in C/C++, Python, Bash.
Preferred qualifications
Experience working on photography related embedded devices, specifically power, thermal and stability.
Experience with Unix/Linux system administration.
Experience working towards a highly visible launch.
Passion for photography.
Area
There is always more information out there, and the Research and Machine Intelligence team has a never-ending quest to find it and make it accessible. We're constantly refining our signature search engine to provide better results, and developing offerings like Google Instant, Google Voice Search and Google Image Search to make it faster and more engaging. We're providing users around the world with great search results every day, but at Google, great just isn't good enough. We're just getting started.

Team or role:Hardware Engineering
Job type:Full-time
Job location(s):Mountain View, CA, USA

3.
Program Analyst
OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE
Agency Contact Information
1 vacancy in the following location:

 Arlington, VA
Work Schedule is Full Time - Agency Employees Only

Salary Range
$108,887.00 to $141,555.00 / Per Year
Series & Grade
GS-0343-14/14
Promotion Potential
14

Control Number
450193200
Job Announcement Number
OSD-16-1759149-MP

Department of Defense (DoD)
Office of the Secretary of Defense

Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency

Policy and Plans Directorate

Policy and Strategic Plans Division

MPORTANT NOTICE TO VETERANS CLAIMING PREFERENCE:  PLEASE REFER TO THE OTHER INFORMATION SECTION FOR UPDATED INFORMATION ON VETERANS PREFERENCE CRITERIA.

Mission Statement: Under the direction of the Secretary of Defense, the Undersecretary of Defense for Policy (USD(P)), and pursuant to the 2015 National Defense Authorization Act (NDAA) passed by Congress, the Defense Prisoner of War/Missing Personnel Office, the Joint POW/MIA Accounting Command, and the Life Sciences Equipment Laboratory were combined in January, 2015, into a single defense agency, the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency, with complete oversight of the entire process for the accounting for missing persons (including locating, recovering and identifying missing persons or their remains after hostilities have ceased). The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy (USD(P)) is the principal policy and planning advisor and assistant to the Secretary of Defense for all matters that support America's national security objectives. The Director, DPAA, reports to the USD(P). The Under Secretary of Defense for Policy (USD(P)) is the principal policy and planning advisor and assistant to the Secretary of Defense for all matters that support America's national security objectives.


WHO MAY BE CONSIDERED: This announcement is open to: Current Permanent DPAA Civilian Employees Only.

Duties
As a Program Analyst you will be responsible for the following duties:


Serves as the central DPAA lead for managing organizational governance and ensures decisions are being made at the right organizational levels, at the optimal time, with the best costs.
Supports large-scale, enterprise-wide projects incorporating proactive and innovative solutions to address business challenges and achieve organizational goals and objectives by integrating how big picture initiatives come together from definition through implementation. 
Aids in acquisition and integration for short- and long-term IT strategy development by facilitating or advising strategy development. 
Travel Required
Occasional Travel
Mission essential travel may be required.

Must be a U.S. Citizen.
Application materials must be received by 11:59PM EST on the closing date.
This is a drug testing designated position.
This Position requires you obtain/maintain a Top Secret SCI clearance.
Qualifications
The experience described in your resume will be evaluated and screened from the Office of Personnel Management's (OPMs) basic qualifications requirements. See: http://main.opm.gov/policy-data-oversight/classification-qualifications/general-schedule-qualification-standards/0300/management-and-program-analysis-series-0343/)  for OPM qualification standards, competencies and specialized experience needed to perform the duties of the position as described in the MAJOR DUTIES  and QUALIFICATIONS sections of this announcement by Monday, September 19, 2016.

You must have one year Specialized Experience equivalent to the GS-13 level in the Federal service (experience may have been gained in the private/military sector) giving the particular knowledge, skills and abilities to perform successfully the duties of the position, and that is typically in or related to the work of the position.  Experience must be reflected in your resume.
Specialized experience required for this position is: 

Managing and/or participating in high-visibility projects, (i.e., development of a single case management system, while also developing and implementing policies for general oversight and reports on other strategic, cross-functional projects across the enterprise). 
Implementing quantitative and qualitative methods within the scope of the respective project and reporting of results.
Performing studies that are complex, and the boundaries are extremely broad and difficult to determine, and the actual limits of the project are developed as the study proceeds.
Specifically you will be evaluated on the following competencies:

1. Knowledge of qualitative and/or quantitative methods for the assessment and improvement of plans and procedures.
2. Skill in adapting analytical techniques and evaluation criteria to the measurement and improvement of program effectiveness and/or organizational productivity.
3. Knowledge of Future Year Defense Plans, Program Objective Memorandum (POM) submissions, and the Planning Programming and Budgeting System (PPBS).
4. Knowledge of DoD policies, procedures, and history related to past conflict personnel accounting activities.
Time-in-Grade Requirements: Federal employees must meet time-in-grade requirements for merit promotion consideration. Time-in-grade is the 52-week requirement Federal employees in competitive service, General Schedule (GS) positions at GS-5 and above must serve before they are eligible for promotion (advancement) to the next grade level. Applicants must meet eligibility requirements including time-in-grade, time-after-competitive appointment, minimum qualifications, and any other regulatory requirements by the closing date of this announcement: Monday, September 19, 2016


Substitution of education may not be used in lieu of specialized experience for this grade level. 

WORK SCHEDULE: Full Time
OVERTIME: Occasionally
TOUR OF DUTY: Flexible 
RECRUITMENT INCENTIVES: Not Authorized
FAIR LABOR STANDARDS ACT (FLSA): Exempt
FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: Not Required
TELEWORK ELIGIBILITY: This position is NOT telework eligible
SELECTIVE SERVICE REQUIREMENT:  Please visit https://www.sss.gov for more information.

Security Clearance
Top Secret/SCI

--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
